Lightning
    Most abilities build charge
    Every turn the charater loses charge
    Some abilities deal more damage the higher your charge
    If you go over the max, then you take a LOT of damage, but also deal damage around you.

    Design goals;  Make it difficult to get rid of charge so the user has to manage their skill use.
    Possible strength;  Several 'staggering' effects that stop lock-on attacks.
    Possible weakness;  Mostly single target

Earth

Blink
    Teleportation.  Connects two points together and moves something through them.
    Each blink attack uses some number of charges.  Charges regenerate slowly -- one per turn
    General upgrades;  Faster recharge.  More max charges.

Pain Transfer
    Support and damage based character
    Has two resources -- one gains stacks when damage is dealt, and one gains stacks when healing happens
    Stronger heals require spending damage stacks
    Stronger damage requires spending heal stacks

    Reminder about healing goals;  whenever a unit takes damage, they lose max health as well as current health.
    It should be impossible to heal forever.

Weapon Conjuror
    Conjures weapons out of pure light.
    Can either summon them onto the ground (where they do some effect, then lie there until picked up)
    or summon them into someone's hands
    They have a durability before they vanish
    They have special effects that make them stronger than regular weapons

Sorcerer
    Most of its actions will be to prepare their spells.
    Once their spells are prepared, they have huge effects.
    Ideas to play around with;  Some charges need to be built up on certain terrain types (to force movement)
    Maybe those charges need to be built in a certain order?
    Also neutral charges that can be of any type

<THEME UNKNOWN>
    A character that builds charges on his opponents, and can detonate them for various effects.
    Using different build paths, this could work for both a DPS character, and a bruiser-ey character.
        (Bruisers can build charges when they take damage, or to all adjacent foes.)
        (DPS can build them at range, and as a rider on other damaging abilities)
    Possible detonate effects
        Damage (boring, but effective)
        Damage to all foes adjacent to the unit with charges, but not to that unit (less boring, but still kinda)
        Banish / stun / pull / push (can do some interesting effects / combos with this)
        Triggers on death (Spread charges to all nearby enemies?  Won't work if you kill them with a detonate effect, but can make for interesting teamwork)
    Damage should be lower than average until detonate effects are taken into consideration.
    Ability to build charges on self as well, in a sort of double-edged attack?

Shadow Clones
    Able to leave shadow clones.  Different abilities leave different weapons with the clones.
    They basic attack things nearby every turn, and move 1 or 2 spaces to try and do so.
    A few abilities interact with them.  Should enemies try to attack them?  Should that be an ability?